Okay, let's go ahead and zoom in
and let's create a new folder,
and I'll call this folder 07-interfaces.
And now, let's go ahead and create a new file,
and this is for my interface Coach.ts.
So, let's swing over here
and I'll create my interface.
So, export interface Coach
and then I'll add the given method here
for this interface, getDailyWorkout.
And again, remember there's no implementation,
no body, this'll be implemented
by the given classes.
So, let's swing back over here
and let's create a new file.
And so, this is for CricketCoach.ts.
And so, we'll export this class CricketCoach
implements Coach.
So, it can't find the Coach,
but we simply do a quick fix here
and tell it to import Coach for us.
And now, it says that this CricketCoach
incorrectly implements the interface,
so we need to have this given method getDailyWorkout.
And we can also make use of the quick fix here,
say implement the interface for me.
Very good.
So, for getDailyWorkout, I remove the placeholder code
and then I add the given implementation here
for the CricketCoach.
So, here I'll say return "Practice your spin bowling."
All right, so that looks really good.
Now, let's swing back over here
and create a new file for our GolfCoach.
And so, a similar thing here,
export class GolfCoach implements Coach.
We do the quick fix here on the import,
and then we do the quick fix here
to implement the interface.
And now, we provide the appropriate workout.
So, I'll say, "Hit 100 balls at the golf range."
All right, so this looks really good here for GolfCoach.
Alrighty, and then let's swing over here one more time
and let's create another new file,
that's for our driver to kind of pull it all together.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead and move into our Driver,
and let's create some coaches.
So, first off here I'll create myCricketCoach
equals new CricketCoach.
And then, a similar thing here for myGolfCoach
equals new GolfCoach.
Now, let's declare an array for coaches,
so it's initially empty.
So, we've seen some of this coding before.
Let's do an import on Coach.
So, I add theCoaches to the array.
I give myCoaches.push myCricketCoach,
and I'll do a similar thing here for GolfCoach.
Now, scroll down a bit and I'll set up my for loop.
So, tempCoach of theCoaches.
And I'll do a log on getDailWorkout.
All right, so open up a terminal window,
move into this new directory here, 07-interfaces.
I'll also generate that tsconfig.json file
by using that tsc dash dash init.
Open that file and add my one entry here,
noEmitOnError for true.
So now, I can move back over here and compile.
So now, I go ahead and run the application
and I see the output "Practice your spin bowling technique"
and also "Hit 100 balls."
All right, so this works out great.
So, we have interfaces up and running
with TypeScript, good job!